hello friends on this occasion
I will teach how to change the language of
windows 8 from English to Spanish
probably you were sent a
laptop from the usa that
they come in English and you get a
little hard to understand
one more sense solution and instead of
Formatting is install the package
languages for this you need to download
a file
that is called lp dotcom this file
weighs 105 mb
Y
I could not find the link
Microsoft official so I can not
provide the link to others
servers for legal reasons but
if you can find this
file as I was saying it weighs 105
megabyte I already have it here
it is point out the format is point fits
once we have downloaded it
we execute a command the command to
execute is this
press a windows key and then the u
r key
they appear the console can observe
that everything is in English
and here is the the assistant
we give you next install display lewis
we give you browse to look for where
we have as I already have it as they
was mentioning is the lp file
point here one hundred 5 mb
we give him ok
here it detects us that is the language
Spanish
the file and has unpacked has a
size 400 mb 400 thousand 400 20 mb
we give you net
we read this very carefully to see
If we agree or do not continue
we give you next and here goes the process of
installation
and this may take a few minutes
depending on the speed of the
processor and the amount of memory
ram that you have on your computer in this
case they are installing it in a
computer with a processor and core 3
with 6 gb of ram
It is worth mentioning that this is currently
for the 64 bit platform and I have not
had the opportunity to try it on the
32 bit platform but it has
operated
in 64 bits in fact I already did what
you decide TV to be able to record this
video
I'm going to pause the video so they can
so you do not have to wait long
the process once finished
again he resumed it and so they can
see the following procedure for
change the language that is merely
simple once this has been this bar
already completed
I will tell you what is going on
something more for people who can
to say no maybe he's doing that
procedure in windows 7 actually
no and we can see that it is
effectively windows 8
the installation process is about
to finish and I'll give you what goes on
and it's simpler
very well the process of
installation of the language pack
you can see that even though
installed nothing has changed now what
that what we have to do is what
next we see here in the part
below we click here
and we go to preference languages
here we add a new language
look more for espanyol
we select the one that suits us
we are very well
now we give
and with this we will be changing our
operating system to espanyol
We restart the computer and pull this
video has been thanks to today's new
dot com